OSDOCS#6633 - Add NFS support for Azure File CSI driver (#61831)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-azure-file-nfs.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent_storage-csi-azure-file.adoc
//

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-azure-file-nfs_{context}"]

> = NFS support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Network File System support
```

Reviewer: This is the first time that NFS is mentioned in this assembly so I'd recommend writing it out.

{product-title} 4.14, and later, supports Azure File Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator with  Network File System (NFS) with the following caveats:

> * Azure File with NFS applies a FS group policy at the driver level and pods cannot override it.

Reviewer 2: I would say something such as:
Azure File CSI with NFS does not honor the fsGroupChangePolicy requested by pods. Azure File CSI with NFS applies a default OnRootMismatch fsGroup policy regardless of the policy requested by the pod.

I wonder if we shouldn't put that statement inside an "important" red square.
cc @gnufied @bertinatto

Reviewer 3: +1 to updated wording.

Author: Fixed.

> * Azure File with NFS applies a FS group policy at the driver level and pods cannot override it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Azure File with NFS applies a File System (FS) group policy at the driver level and pods cannot override it.
```

> * The Azure File CSI Operator does not automatically create a storage class for NFS. You need to create it manually.

Reviewer 2: We need to add a snippet of the storage class as per our testing.
cc @gnufied @bertinatto @duanwei33

Reviewer 3: Yeah so something like:

```
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
metadata:
  name: azurefile-csi-nfs
provisioner: file.csi.azure.com
parameters:
  protocol: nfs
  skuName: Premium_LRS  # available values: Premium_LRS, Premium_ZRS
mountOptions:
  - nconnect=4
 ```

Author: Done.

> * The Azure File CSI Operator does not automatically create a storage class for NFS. You need to create it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Azure File CSI Operator does not automatically create a storage class for NFS. You must create it manually.
```
